following in the footsteps of Motorola
Fujitsu apple and others Samsung last
week released the galaxy s5 with a
fingerprint sensor embedded in the home
button despite being one of the premium
phones flagship features Samsung's
implementation of fingerprint
authentication leaves much to be desired
the finger scanner feature in Samsung's
Galaxy s5 raises additional security
concerns to those already voiced about
comparable implementations this video
shows how a wood glue spoof made from a
mold from last October's spoofing
attempts of Apple's touch ID is reused
to bypass the galaxy s5s fingerprint
lock without any additional effort
whatsoever the spoof was made under lab
conditions but is based on nothing more
than a camera phone photo of an
unprocessed latent print on a smartphone
screen perhaps most concerning is that
Samsung does not seem to have learned
from what others have done less poorly
not only is it possible to spoof the
fingerprint authentication even after
the device has been turned off but the
implementation also allows for seemingly
unlimited authentication attempts
without ever requiring a password
incorporation of fingerprint
authentication into highly sensitive
apps such as PayPal gives a would-be
attacker an even greater incentive to
learn the simple skill of fingerprint
spoofing once he has allowed the phone
to connect to the internet the attacker
in this video is able to use paypal's
new app to perform any task he wishes
including making purchases and
unsolicited money transfers from the
victims PayPal account he takes
advantage of the fact that he has
allowed multiple attempts to make a
successful swipe with his spoof and
proceeds to wire money to himself from
the victim's debit account while
biometrics will always carry with them a
trade-off of security for convenience it
is the manufacturers responsibility to
implement them in a way that does not
put their users crucial data and payment
accounts at risk a link to further
information including a step-by-step
explanation of how the fake finger
was created is found in the notes